Add a note about using Rails (#1550)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/runtimes/advanced/advanced.mdx

### Rack Interface

Many Ruby frameworks interface with [Rack](https://rack.github.io/) for forwarding HTTP requests to web applications written in Ruby. You can use Rack with frameworks such as Sinatra.

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note type="warning">
```

>   Rails is not recommended because it’s not optimized for serverless. You’ll hit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Using Rails is not recommended because it is not optimized for a serverless environment. You are likely to find
```
